# Attention:
Please be advised the **"Week13"** is just a simple folder that contains multiple Java project folders, so Week13 is not a Java project folder as we did in the previous weeks.

**Also the code/content of these JavaFX project is based on one my previous repo about using JavaFX [("JavaFX GUI Application")](https://github.com/anmarjarjees/java-gui-javafx), you can refer to the README file and code examples of that repo for more details and clarifications. 

# Week11 Packages and Code Files Sequence:
- demo: The basic/original boilerplate of JavaFX project using Visual Studio Code (Review the code with my comments)
- week14demo1: The boilerplate JavaFX project using Visual Studio Code, but the entire code for each file: (the application, the controller, and the view) have been modified to be similar to the standard contents of JavaFX boilerplate of IntelliJ. Notice that I removed, commented and cleared the extra code that are generated by VS code.
- **FinalClass:** The main example of building a full JavaFX MVC application using IntelliJ IDE. It's the main important file to read and review for your third assignment.  
- **FinalReview:**  The final review example of building a full JavaFX MVC application using IntelliJ IDE. It's another extra help for starting your essential JavaFX assignment.

# JavaFX Project:
Whether you are using VS Code or IntelliJ (Strongly recommended due to the code checking and enhanced debugging tools). You will have these files:
- The main application file:
    - HelloApplication (in IntelliJ)
    - App.java (in VS Code)
    
- The Controller File:
    - HelloController.java
    - PrimaryController.java and SecondaryController. java (in VS code)

- The View File:
    - hello-view.fxml (in IntelliJ)
    - primary.fxml and secondary.fxml (in VS Code)

#